# Project Metadata for MPI-AB Ecology of Animal Societies Projects
***
Here is an overview of the basic project metadata that our department reqiuires for researchers going out into the "field".
For many of us this means trips where we travel away from Konstanz, but for some of us it may mean things we do in the Barn in Möggigen, captivity, or locally.
Those projects may have some additional requirements which we can adress at a later time, or with input from those who work in these contexts.

## What is project metadata?
Project metadata is data about the project that will be used in an overall database to link related projects, and allow researchers to access resources, data, methods, and information about projects so we know about where they wll overlap. It is different, but related, to "File Metadata" which is metadata extracted from particular files types (i.e. creation date, file length, camera setrial number) that can be extracted using something like 'exiftool'.

## How will we use Project Metadata
Projects will be tagged with metadata available from a specified list avaialble on a github repository. If new metadata needs to be added to a project, that can be passed to Angie(?) and uploaded additionally. It will be key to make sure metadata id from a specified list to that indexing is consistent across file types.

## Where does it go
A central github repository. This one perhaps, in a folder.

## Project Metadata Types
1. People
2. Species
3. Locations
4. Data Types
5. Hardware
6. Project
7. Dates


